c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\LSCodeGeneratorsTask.mcs
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\SRDrugstore.ClientGenerated.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\SRDrugstore.ClientGenerated.pdb
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\SRDrugstore.Client.xap
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\XapCache.tmp
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Base.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.CodeMarker.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Design.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\SRDrugstore.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\SRDrugstore.Client.pdb
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\Application.Common.pdb
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Base.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ExportProvider.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Extensions.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.ManifestService.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.Model.Xaml.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Input.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Navigation.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.RuntimeEditor.Internal.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Serialization.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\obj\Debug\ClientGenerated.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\obj\Debug\SRDrugstore.ClientGenerated.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\ClientGenerated\obj\Debug\SRDrugstore.ClientGenerated.pdb
