c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\Application.Common.pdb
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\de\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\es\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\fr\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\it\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\ja\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\ko\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\ru\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\obj\Debug\Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\obj\Debug\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\obj\Debug\Application.Common.pdb
c:\users\julieta\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SRDrugstore\SRDrugstore\Common\Bin\LSCodeGeneratorsTask.mcs
